China is rapidly running out of time
we're going to talk about what's
happening we've got inflationary
measures deflationary it is a mixed bag
I'm going to give you all the details so
that you know everything this will
affect you no matter which country you
are in if you are in the US if you're in
Germany if you're in Canada or New
Zealand pay attention because I'm going
to bring in the details that you need to
know we will also look at what you the
individual need to do and can do as a
potential opportunity in this time most
difficult time we've got to look at this
and we've got to see what is best for us
and our families and I'll talk about all
of that let's begin very first thing we
need to look at is what's happening with
the situation of China of course you've
got Country Garden you've got ever Grand
you've got all of these different
property developers that have been going
Belly Up and they've been struggling big
time it isn't inside of China
exclusively look at the one I brought to
you just recently with Country Garden
they have in Malaysia they have this
massive you know City forest and that's
what they call it and that isn't being
developed at least to the degree that
they suggested and these properties are
of course burdened by debt you've got so
much cash that has been sitting out
there investors putting their money in
and never getting that money back
potentially there's a problem that's one
thing but on the other side and how this
affects you oh we've got to dig deep so
let me show you
China's property sector slump you could
look at it property investment property
sales by floor area and funds raised by
developers all of those have been down
we know that to be the case but it goes
a lot deeper in recent videos we talked
about what was happening with these
local debt financing vehicles and it was
a way to kind of Kick the count can down
the road but how does that work is that
ever sufficient to actually fix a crisis
look at Europe they are in this position
right now because they were unwilling to
pull the plug unwilling to rip that
Band-Aid it never ends well Japan is in
the same circumstance you've got
demographics problem you've got the
failure to admit your problems and of
course look at the issues they are
permanent youth unemployment is surging
inside of China from what I know from
the business dealings I have inside
China is becoming more difficult because
people don't want to work at these
factories they want to work in office
jobs and so that has really been
changing over the last couple years and
this has been more difficult before they
could simply put the message out there
hey we need some workers they would come
in a lot of workers coming from The
Villages they come into the cities they
are there for basically all year round
except for when they have their New Year
celebration and this comes at a time in
which you know they're having these
difficulties over the last couple of
years they can't retain staff youth
don't want to work they're the average
worker I believe is something like 40 or
50 years old it's gotten a lot older
over the years and so without that they
don't have the labor force there and it
pushes up the cost of Labor too so that
means if the cost of Labor is going to
be relatively similar to Mexico for
instance or other countries now China
looks less attractive when we're talking
about exports and that's how this begins
to affect you so pay attention here we
go foreign investors are pulling their
money out with the Central Bank boosting
efforts to staunch the yuan's tumble
towards the weakest level since
2007. yes we have issues inside of the
financial system and China each and
every day seems to be throwing out
stimulus measures have you found this
video informative so far if you did make
sure to hit that thumbs up it supports
me very much okay China is trying to
prevent a full-on recession right now
they're doing everything it's not just
the real estate market it's not just the
local financing that Vehicles you got to
look at it on every level production
Imports exports they are all down here
I've got some facts based around this as
well daily stimulus measures have been
introduced and of course we have the
real estate debt crisis this has all
been adding up and I want to get into
more of that China's industrial profits
drop persists as economy weekends you
can't fix it with stimulus but what does
this tell you why is China so important
and why I keep hitting on it all the
time every week I'm doing a China video
it's because that is a signal of what's
going on outside outside of China into
the global you know the global
environment as you can see if Germany
doesn't need stuff if France doesn't
need stuff if the U.S so on they're not
putting out enough so that is going to
affect the industrial production inside
of China yes there's all kinds of
different things in domestic consumption
and so on but know that what goes on
inside of China is like you know a
canary in the coal mine for others as
well all right so there's a lot to that
because so you get raw materials that
may be coming from outside of China and
then they would come inside and they
could produce their goods the finished
goods they come from China and then they
go out to all these different markets
whether it is
anything from your iPhone to you know
some a pin it's all going to be coming
from China China is overwhelmingly so
much further ahead in your Logistics and
uh than you know any other country so
this is very important to keep in mind
okay but now as we have Rising costs
where are those Rising costs coming from
you've got not only the labor Rising
costs as we just talked about but you
all have also have energy costs you've
got the fact that the materials cost
more the raw materials and what I've
seen warehousing costs is more expensive
inside of China I'm able to give you
this information because I actually do
these things on a daily basis I am
dealing with this through my other
businesses and so if you pay attention
to this channel you're going to get an
actual inside scoop as well as when we
read the data and looking at it all so
that's why you got to pay attention Okay
a lot of stuff to come cover Chinese
weaknesses bad news for companies such
as Otis now this is the elevator company
I'm sure you're aware of this well China
is its most profitable market for new
equipment sales accounting last year for
roughly one third of orders through the
first half of last year China was the
company's only major Market where orders
were in Decline but that's important
okay so you start to see this and this
is why I bring this to you if China is
having a problem they are not building
enough buildings
Otis is going to feel that impact that's
going to impact their stock if their
stock is having problem well guess what
they're going to show that on their
reports their earnings are going to look
worse and they're going to say well
sorry everybody we gotta fire five
percent of the staff 10 of the staff we
got to get lean we got to increase our
productivity all these different things
they can just use it as an excuse even
if it's going on inside of China that's
important right
this is what companies do but I I do see
comments from people who have Nev
clearly never worked at a big company
but that's besides the point so the
issue here is that you've got these
companies like this that are reliant on
China not even for producing goods and
then bringing them back into you know
the Western countries no it's because
they're exporting to those countries or
they're dealing with those countries in
some way so keep an eye on that very
important stuff look markets need more
stimulus and support for confidence
inside of China if they want the markets
to come up whether it's the real estate
whether it's stocks stimulus is what
they're looking for so as you see the
news coming out keep an eye out for
stimulus talk that's all they want
that's all they want Global growth will
help China and trying to shift to the
bricks at the same time so you're
looking at this as you see it Global
growth if if you know these different
countries whether it's the United States
States whether it's somewhere in Europe
and in Africa wherever if they're
growing well that actually benefits
China as well at the same time if you've
got an issue right now geopolitically as
we'll talk about in a sec going on with
these different countries well China is
now trying to shift their production
their alliances everything they're doing
to the brics Nations which have the
population growth which have their own
issues too but we could see that
changing at that same time all right and
trade relations must improve we need to
see more agreements we need to see more
of that and this would be positive net
positive for China but at this time it's
it's it's not coming fast enough and
that's why China is running out of time
that's why you could see all these
different measures being put into place
right here and now China creates
government body to support the private
sector of course they do need this
they need more investment for an
investment but money is leaving China in
in terms of their stocks and guess where
it's going can you guess
can you guess I talked about this in a
recent video let me know in the comments
below where is there a record high
investment from foreigners inside of the
stock market which stock market around
the world has seen a record high
investment
let me know okay
Decades of U.S corn export dominance
fade as Brazil seizes the top supplier
Crown that's connected directly with
this you can see world top corn exporter
2023 and 2024 is Brazil very important
stuff to look at it because you could
see China brics Nations they're coming
together and they are major resources
like when we talk about resources it's
clear the alliance is very clear China
is the big consumer and then you have
the suppliers whether it is Brazil
Russia Argentina and Ukraine's a
different story but
regardless the point is you're seeing a
lot of this coming from uh these
countries that are aligned in some way
with China I need to talk about the
geopolitical factors as well because
that's going to play a big role and I
want to know what you think about this
gas prom claims it accounts for over
half of Chinese gas import growth I'm
looking at this again the connection
here as we see with the resources and of
course the alliances that China's
building that is ultimately strong in a
long-term sense if we look 10 years out
for China Western officials plan to warn
UAE over trade with Russia but we know
where where they stand okay there is a
dividing line in between east and west
and that is in the Middle East okay
that's where that line is and although
Saudi and the UAE they want to be
friendly with every country they're
they're clearly doing something here
they join the brics Nations very
important stuff U.S and Europe growing
alarmed by China's rush into Legacy
chips this was from a little while ago
but of course China has this now as you
see here new phone Sparks worry China
has found a way around U.S tech limits
so they took apart their phone the new
phone by Huawei and they basically said
hey this chip right here this is some
advanced technology that was supposed to
be we were supposed to be restricting
them now it's not the most advanced it's
not like you know the latest and
greatest but it is further along than
where the restrictions are in place for
the United States and then put you know
United States Netherlands and Japan so
that is something that the U.S is saying
uh oh this was much faster than we
thought so China is swinging back and
they're basically saying no no you're
going to restrict us we're just going to
create our own capacity that's a simple
matter of fact we're going to do
everything and they are obviously have a
reason to do that that this is another
one I found interesting want to know
your thoughts Texas Mogul is branded
treacherous over deal of the century
which saw him sell a hundred and thirty
thousand acres of Farmland to a Chinese
billionaire this happens to be next to a
military site do you think that
foreigners should be able to buy land
and I should ask a second question near
any I could put that caveat in there
near any sort of important
infrastructure so maybe they could buy a
house in a in the middle of the suburbs
that's one story but should they be able
to buy land near an airport or near like
water treatment near electricity grid
and so on I want to know what you think
about that
if you want to be able to connect with
like-minded people you've got to join
the Discord there's a link in the
description you've probably asked
yourself what can I do how can I
possibly take advantage of this or at
least shelter myself and I'm gonna cover
that right now okay I've got more in the
Discord but let me let me cover this be
mindful of the company's exposure to
China just like we saw with the example
of Otis you've got to pay attention here
and say does the company I work for or
does the company I'm invested in have
some sort of China exposure and if I
believe that China is slowly going to
lose market share or have problems or
suddenly be cut off because of
semiconductors who knows well then I
would want to trim my exposure or you
know maybe I want to do the contrarian
bet and say ah actually I think this is
going to be the right opportunity to buy
in now because prices have come down
from their Peak but know the exposure
very important okay you could look that
up it's available everywhere if you want
more details just let me know
China is much further ahead in their
Logistics be mindful of that okay so if
you're going to go out and Source from a
different country you've got to watch
out okay because you know that China's
got the ins and outs they've got the
Imports there I got the exports that
they just understand that all they can
deal with that India is starting to get
much better but they're exporting
primarily when it's you know leather
products Wood Products they're not there
with the electronics it really depends
on on the type of uh product that you're
dealing with so keep an eye out for that
as well you you can't and this is like
as an investor too you can't just shift
your production yeah if you're if you're
Apple you can say okay I'm gonna invest
you know three billion dollars there
we're gonna put our people in place
we're gonna build that factory we're
going to have all the shipping done
we're going to have everything set up at
the ports that's fine when you're the
biggest company in the world but when
you're a smaller medium-sized company
you can't do that okay and you've got to
basically go slow super slow and things
change okay things change over time if
China slows Global growth slows pay
attention to that as well so when you're
looking as an investor as when you're
looking for opportunities know that this
is going to be directly correlated okay
if you want more information if you want
to reach out to me directly always
available for everybody on Discord click
that link in the description below but
don't go anywhere yet because you were
looking for the comment of the day I
know I know well check it out Mark had
this to say
even if you own your home outright cost
of tax insurance and repairs are
becoming unsustainable for many and I
know people are feeling this right now
my goodness I talk to people all the
time and they're struggling with that
the cost their property taxes are up
they need to do repairs these things add
up and it's just crushing people and
guess what your property taxes next year
they're going to be higher your property
taxes the year after they're going to be
higher and if your property happened to
reduce in value by 30 percent
your property taxes are probably still
going to be high okay and that's the way
it goes and that's why we need to figure
out a way to deal with this property
taxes in some cases you can get that
back how do you do that I've got a video
inside of
um I've got a how-to and solutions
playlist you can check that out it only
applies to a small percentage of people
but it's definitely worth noting and uh
for people that are on you know they
have a river going through their
property or some for some reason they
got agriculture which by the way
agriculture or livestock in some cases
you could have one chicken and your
property will pass the test you got to
look into that for your own area so
check it out you can get about you know
either all of your property tax back or
75 percent there's different rules if
you're living in the suburbs or the
urban environment probably not going to
qualify but check it out for your area I
hope you appreciate that last little tip
if you did hit that thumbs up button I
want to see you here tomorrow take care